Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
The good comes with the
bad. the happy with the sad.
Heartache with a love.
diamond with the dust.
Joy comes with the pain.
night comes with the day.
Different but the same. wrong
turns but the right way.
Hurt makes me much stronger.
Bruise signs I am stronger.
Raise your hand if
you're stronger.
Salt in the sea.
Bruise signs I am stronger.
Raise your hand if
you're stronger.
Raise your hand if you are--
Who is it?
Police officer.
How can I help you?
Is Linda Blake there?
Why?
Linda allegedly
killed a few people.
And if you're
protecting her. you'll
be arrested for
harboring a fugitive.
Now. open the door.
When is enough. enough?
That kick in the face when
you're down. so rough.
The system is rigged
and we know it. yeah.
The pain is written
out on the wall.
but they keep it a secret.
Nobody knows.
The troubles I've seen.
the places I've been.
The fires I've walked
through. neither do you.
Nobody knows.
Morning. class.
Today is one of the most
important days of your life.
I'm going to be assigning
everybody a case study.
It will be 75% of the grade.
Professor. when we
visit the patients.
is there a protocol
in place just
in case the crisis breaks out?
You will be going to the
rehabilitation center.
and you'll have security.
Is the facility safe?
If you take in everything
that you learned in class.
everything will be fine.
Where do these people come from?
All over the world.
What's the worst that ever
happened to a patient?
Became a serial killer.
OK. this class is dismissed.
Tasha. can you stay?
I want to discuss
your case with you.
OK.
Hey. nurse Denise.
Yes.
Listen. we'll be having another
group of interns coming in.
to do a study on the
residents that we have here.
Please. please. assist them
in any way possible. OK?
OK.
They'll be here
Wednesday about 09:00 AM.
Doctor Jackson.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
They're being a rude
awakening with these patients.
Tell me about it.
Sorry.
Have you told your family yet?
No. I haven't said anything yet.
Please. sit.
Thanks for picking me up. Dad.
No problem. baby.
Any time.
Can you give mom a
call. real quick.
OK.
Let her know we'll be there
in about 20 minutes or so.
Uh-huh.
Thanks.
I want you to talk with
the counselor on Thursday.
I'll think about it.
How am I doing?
How is my health?
I was just about to ask
you the same question.
Well. like I said before. I'm
in a lot of pain. it like hurts.
It's red and swollen.
I feel like something's pulling.
There's scabs. I mean--
It's very painful.
Yes.
Those are symptoms
to your cancer.
As I mentioned before.
you have a rare cancer
that one out of 100
get. Paget cancer.
which is a cancer
in or on the nipple.
Misses Cleaver. I
know it's not easy.
That's an understatement.
But I'm a survivor.
Let's do what we have to do.
Yes. that's what
we intend to do.
After you're
radiation therapy. I
want you to take
anti estrogen pills.
Then we will remove your breast.
Remove my breast.
Can't you just cut
the cancer out?
Um.
We can just remove the cancer
but according to the scans.
the cancer has spread.
And the only way I can
give you 99% survival.
is by removing your left breast.
So. how was your
day today at school?
It was great.
I'm really excited
about my new assignment.
But I will tell you
and mom at dinner.
OK.
Just make sure to
give her a call--
OK.
All right. all right--
Just sending a text real quick.
Dr. Ortiz' office.
how may I help you?
Sure.
Have you been here before?
OK.
Can you come in Friday
the 4th at 10:00 AM?
OK.
Please bring your insurance
card and a photo ID.
And please come 15
minutes earlier so that we
can complete your paperwork.
OK. Mrs. Cleaver.
Thank you. see you on Friday.
Hi mom. dad. and I should
be home in about 20 minutes.
It was really good.
I have some exciting
news for you.
OK.
We'll see you soon.
Love you. bye.
What'd she say?
We have to pick
up some red wine.
I should've known.
No problem.
Hey. honey.
How was work?
Today I gave my students their
case study for the semester.
How did it go?
It went well. babe.
But I have to keep my
eyes on my students
because the case studies
are getting harder.
And they might get discouraged.
Honey. everything's
going to be fine.
You did great last year.
This year should
be no different.
Now go take your shower. stinky.
So honey. how was your day?
Babe. Lenny came in
with this crazy theory.
I tell you. this guy is always
coming up with something.
So we were talking
about the phrase.
the truth will set
you free. right.
And he says. no
one ever tells you
everything you
have to go through
in order to be set free.
So I was like. OK. I
get you. I get you.
Nobody tells you about the pain
and the hurt you go through.
The reality of the truth
staring you in the face.
The shock of the truth. whether
it's bad or good et cetera.
So it's like. the truth will
set you free is a very. very
strong statement.
Do you have the
list of the patients
that the students will
be working on tomorrow?
Yes.
And they're scheduled to
take their bath at 7:00 AM.
Here's the list.
And if we stick to the
plan. that would be great.
OK.
Thank you. Nora. I'll
check with you later.
OK.
So. how was your day. Tasha?
Well. mom. dad.
I got my case assignment
for the semester today.
Oh wow.
Awesome.
That's great.
So why don't you tell me
a little bit about it?
My case study's
name is Linda Blake.
She's in for murder.
Good morning.
My name is Tasha Cleaver.
I'm here to do a case study
on patient number 324856.
miss Linda Blake.
Sure.
I'm going to take
you to see her.
Please. follow me.
Hi. my name is Tasha Cleaver.
Is the sun out today?
Yes.
It's just starting to come out.
Good.
I like the sun.
How are you today. miss Blake?
Why?
Does it matter?
Yes. it does.
Maybe you should think so too.
You're a smart little girl. huh?
I'm sorry miss Blake. my
name is Tasha Cleaver.
Like I said. you're
a smart little girl.
What do you want?
Tell me about yourself.
Can you tell me about you?
Little girl. first lesson.
If you want to know
anything about anyone.
you have to give a
little of yourself.
So I will ask you again.
can you tell me about you?
I'm 23 years old.
I'm studying psychology and
you're my first patient.
More.
I'm the only child
that my parents have.
So-- so you know your parents.
Yes.
Do you know your?
Can I have a cigarette?
I'm sorry. Miss
Blake. I don't smoke.
No.
I never met my parents.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Are you really?
Yes.
So. tell me something about you.
Hey. babe.
What's going on?
Did you leave work yet?
Are you OK?
What's wrong?
I need you to follow me home
from the doctor's office.
My car is parked right in front.
Babe. what's going on?
Talk to me.
Hurry. please.
OK.
I'm coming.
I'm coming right now.
Hi. Linda.
How are you today?
Better than you.
You got to put all
of us up together.
Good luck.
OK.
Well. see it's
time for your meds.
You ready?
Are you OK?
So you're back.
What do you want?
I want to know about you.
I was seven years old.
My first foster parents.
Mabel and Charlie Anderson.
I love Mabel.
But Charlie always
kept his distance.
He will go to work all day.
and then go to the study room.
He won't come out
until dinner was done.
One day. Charlie picked
me up from school.
He said. it was time for us
to get to know each other.
He let me sit in the front seat.
He gave me a bag of candy.
I love candy.
Do you have a payday?
No. I don't.
When we got in. he said that
I can go to the study room
with him.
I've never been
to the study room.
Young lady. can
you ----
Thank you.
We went upstairs.
And he said. you can have
all this when you grow up.
Young lady.
Exodus 20:12. "Thou shall
obey your father and mother
in the land of the Lord."
What do you think
about that. young lady?
I'll honor my father
and my mother.
Very good.
Linda. go to your room.
He went to another scripture.
Ephesians 6:3. "Obey
your father and mother".
He unbuttoned his pants
and laid on top of me.
He whispered in my ear
I love you. my child.
I couldn't breathe.
He was hurting me.
I was in pain.
A few moments later. he
got up and left my room.
I lay there crying.
mama Mabel got home.
She came to my room.
Linda?
Honey?
Sweetheart.
How was school today?
Oh my god.
Charles!
What happened to Linda?
I don't know.
Oh my god.
Yes. hello?
Hello. yes.
You have to send the ambulance
to  Avenue.
Please hurry. my
daughter is bleeding.
Please.
Social worker was there.
I told her everything.
I never returned
back to the house.
Later on. I found out that
mama Mabel hung herself.
I'm hungry.
Can I have my teddy bear?
I want my Teddy bear.
I don't--
Can I have my teddy bear?
What does it look like?
Give me my teddy bear. now.
Nurse Denise.
Yes?
Do you know where Miss
Blake's teddy bear is at?
Check inside the cabinet.
Don't you ever
leave me. you hear.
Don't you ever leave me.
Linda. are you OK?
Turn off the light.
You really don't
look good. baby.
I just really don't feel OK.
Just drive slow.
Drive slowly. it hurts.
Hi. nurse Denise.
Did you speak to the students?
Thank you.
I'll talk to Tasha.
OK.
We had a red light right now.
Feel any better?
Yeah.
OK.
What's wrong?
I don't feel good.
Please.
Yeah. you're kind of warm too.
I feel like I might throw up.
Just take me home. OK.
OK.
You don't want any water first?
No.
OK.
.
Just take me home. OK. baby?
OK. baby.
As soon as this
light turn green.
I love you.
Love you. baby.
Tasha. how are you doing?
How are you?
How's your patient today?
If you have any questions.
call me right away.
Just pull over.
I went to the doctor.
They told me I have
breast cancer. baby.
Good morning.
That's what I want to hear.
My name is Fabian
Thorne. built to last.
And I will be your instructor--
fitness instructor for today.
And what we're going to do
is get you guys exercising.
Building you back up. getting
your minds and your body
right so we can get
you back into society.
All right?
That's our goal for today.
That's what we're going to do.
OK. here we go.
Let's start exercising.
Start moving the machine.
Work it.
Remember what I
told you. breathing.
Breathing is very important.
Two out the mouth.
one in the nose.
Focus.
Tighten up on this grip.
Wrap your hands around.
It's OK.
It's all right.
All right.
Lock your hands on.
What are you looking at?
Look at the wall.
don't look at me.
Stay focused.
nice work.
Shut up!
Two out the mouth.
one in the nose.
Let's control the heart rate.
Don't look at me.
look at the wall.
What are you looking at?
Hands here.
This is your security.
Are you crying?
Take your time.
Take your time. all right.
Focus on you.
Block out everything else.
This is about you today.
All right.
We're in a competition
with no one but ourselves.
So let's work.
OK?
Mister!
You all right?
Give it a little bit more.
Mister!
Just give a little bit more.
There you go.
Thank you.
Thank you for focusing.
Hey. look!
You have a 03:00 PM with Miss
Rose and 05:00 PM with Miss
Johnson.
OK. and what about tomorrow?
One client tomorrow.
Sharon Basely at 10:00 AM.
OK.
If you could please
reschedule the ones for today
and put them in
tomorrow's time slot.
And you can keep Sharon Basely.
OK.
Thank you so much. Enda.
I don't want to be interrupted.
So unless it's
extremely important.
OK. miss Cleaver. no problem.
Thank you.
Come on. come on.
I'm sorry. Miss Cleaver.
But your husband is on line one.
he said it's very important.
All right.
Thank you. Jenny. thank you.
OK.
Close the door please.
Sure.
Hello?
Babe. hey. how are you doing?
Everything OK?
Yeah.
I'm taking it easy. you know.
I'm just at work.
All right.
Regarding the research.
I need you to just relax.
Sit back. enjoy your day. I'm
going to take care of it. OK.
I don't want you to
stress yourself out.
I love you so much.
Yeah I got it.
Don't worry about it.
I'll take care of it.
Yes. relax OK.
I'll see you soon.
I love you too.
It ain't easy.
To go against the grain.
And it ain't easy
to ignore the pain.
You're back.
You ready for more?
Yes.
How'd you sleep?
I don't sleep well at night.
I can't let him in my room.
Him?
Who. Linda?
Mama Lucille took
me to the park.
We played on the swings.
I was nine years old.
Mama Lucille and James Lander
where my foster parents.
I love mama Lucille.
James was always
at home drinking.
One day we got in
and mama Lucille
got a phone call that her
mom was in the hospital.
She says she had to go.
I begged to go with her.
She said they didn't
allow kids in the ICU.
I started crying and
I peed on myself.
Mama Lucille asked
me what's wrong.
But I didn't answer.
She said. you're
going to be fine.
James gonna take care of you.
Nasty little girl.
Go upstairs and take a shower.
Let's go!
Come on.
Get in that bathroom.
Come one. you're
wasting my time!
And threw me in the hot
water with salt. It burned.
He said. get on your knees.
He unbutton his pants.
I gagged.
He said. if I threw up. he was
going to punch me in my face.
So I swallowed my throw up.
The next day. I saw
my social worker.
And I told her to move me.
I didn't tell her why.
I don't want mama Lucille
to end up like mama Mabel.
Can I have some water?
Yeah.
Hon. I heard you on
the phone earlier.
Is everything OK?
Yes. babe.
I mean. I hope so.
My student. Tasha Cleaver. is
dealing with an unusual case.
Allegedly. her patient was
abused and she went back
and she killed everyone
who had hurt her.
Wow.
That is an unusual case.
But you gave your
students everything
they need to succeed.
Come here.
Give me a kiss.
He's four years old. I've been
feeding him for four years!
I want my goldfish please!
I want my goldfish.
Did you see my goldfish?
You leave me alone!
Don't touch me!
Mine.
Hon. I understand your worry.
It's normal.
But you prepared
your students well.
Trust in God and in yourself.
God bless me.
If God is for me. who
could be against me?
if God is for me. who
I was 16 years old.
My third foster parents.
Sean and Shana Harris.
had a two-year-old.
Sean was a real doctor.
Linda.
What's up?
Hey. baby.
I'm on call this week.
so I got to be.
That's OK.
All right.
Oh. this is so good.
See you later.
Bye. sweety.
So what are you
doing later. Linda?
I'm going to a party.
A party?
Yeah.
That sounds like fun.
What kind of party?
Oh.
Well my high school
friends would be there.
Nice.
Oh that sounds like a good time.
How about. getting
your nails done later?
Go down to Mimi's?
Mimi's.
I like Mimi's.
Yeah.
Yeah and treat us to
a massage while we're
getting our nails done.
Yeah.
Wanna do that?
After dinner?
OK.
We'll go to Mimi's afterwards.
I was starting to feel at home.
Like I belong somewhere.
I went to a party with
my high school friends
and we had a lot of fun.
We were dancing.
And this hot guy named Phil
told me to go upstairs with him.
My friend said. I should go.
All the girls want him.
I went upstairs.
I thought we were going to
talk and make out. and we did.
We talked and then he kissed me.
I felt like I was in heaven.
I looked around his room
and two of his friends
came out of the closet.
I started screaming
and Phil smack me.
He told me to shut up.
He looked at me
with watery eyes.
His friends held me down.
They moved him out the way.
They said. bitch you're going
to get what you deserve.
One of them unbuttoned his
pants and jumped on me.
I had no fight left in me.
The other one was drinking
a bottle of liquor.
He poured it on top of me and
then he put the bottle in me.
I screamed.
He punched me in my face.
Next thing you know. I
woke up in the hospital.
My social worker was there
and my foster parents.
I was raped time and time again.
They treated me like shit.
They made me suffer.
I should have
made them suffer the
way they made me suffer.
They took my soul.
It was a matter of the heart.
Linda. what did you do to
the people that hurt you?
I killed them. but I
should have ate them alive.
Hey babe.
How's it going?
Yeah just checking up on you.
How's your day?
OK.
Need anything?
Right away.
I'm on it.
I'll take care of it and
I'll give you a call back.
Talk to you later.
I'm hungry.
Where's my food?
It should be here any minute.
Here's your food. Linda.
I don't want that.
Take it away.
Excuse me. Linda.
Didn't you just say
that you were hungry?
I don't want that.
Take it away now.
Thank you. John.
We appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Where's Tasha?
She's right here.
Tasha.
I'm gonna get you some
water. be right back.
Mom.
What's wrong?
Come here baby. sit down.
Mom. what's wrong?
Tasha.
Mom. tell me what's wrong.
I went to the doctors.
He told me I have breast cancer.
I have to go for
chemotherapy and surgery.
I'm sorry. baby.
Don't be sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's going to be OK--
I love you too.
I'm sorry.
Look at-- Look at me.
Be strong baby.
You're the strongest
lady I know.
Look at you.
What is this?
I need my blanket.
Your sneakers are on backwards.
I need my diaper.
Your diaper.
Yes. you need your diaper.
Look at you.
Look at this one.
Fix your glasses.
What is this?
Have a seat. have a seat.
I want my goldfish back.
Oh. is that you son.
Mine.
Is that your son?
Is it yours?
Mine.
Sit back there.
My mommy didn't see my goldfish.
Did you see my
goldfish. anybody?
Daddy?
I'm not dad--
I thought I killed you.
What are you doing here?
I live here now.
OK.
I'll do it!
Code red!
All right. everybody stand back.
Oh my god. what's going on here?
All right everyone.
just back up.
They got her.
They take her away.
They take away.
Go.
Get out of here.
Stay where you at.
Oh my God.
Another one of her
crazy episodes?
Well it hasn't happened
about a month and a half.
That's very good.
Yeah. I know.
But this is like every week.
I can't work no more. I'm
tired of these crazy people.
Only reason why I work
here. I got to pay my bills.
Stop that.
Bills?
Yeah. I gotta pay my cable bill.
I live with my mama.
--and lollipops.
Cut it out.
Tears to shed.
It has too much anger in veins.
It will have to
face to many ordeals
and there are so many
good things to change.
But in this world why does
it rain such selfishness.
Said I'm wondering every day.
Every day.
Said I'm wondering
every day. every day.
What's going on?
I'm looking outside my window.
The rain can't stop falling.
Reaching our veins. destroying
our praise. giving us pain.
Hate driblets us
through the darkness.
All we know is
sadness and madness.
Father. help us to find a
way. 'cause  it's
.
Said I'm wondering every
day. every day. every day.
I said I'm wondering every
What's going on?
Hi. Linda.
Can you scratch my nose?
Should I call your nurse?
Come on.
By the time she called
you made me suffer.
Can you scratch my nose. please?
Better?
Yes.
Are you ready?
Can you tell me how
the killing started?
Got out of the hospital.
I went to the halfway house.
I lived there for two weeks.
I just got out to use the
bathroom and to eat a little.
On Monday morning I got up
and went to the library.
The rules were.
if you go to work.
school. or family
visits you can leave.
But we had a curfew.
I had to be back by 7:00 PM.
So I sat in front
of the computer.
and I put in the name of
my first foster parents.
Mabel when Charlie
Anderson from New Jersey.
I called them up.
He picked up the phone.
And I say Hi. I'm Mary Grant.
Mabel's long lost cousin.
He was shock.
Nevertheless. happy
to hear from me.
He said. that when
Mabel passed away.
it happened so sudden.
that he didn't have time
to contact all her family.
We talked a little.
And I asked him if
I could come over.
He asked me a few questions
and then gave me the address.
Hi. my name's Marie.
Marie. my wife's cousin.
Please. come in.
Would you like some coffee. tea?
Water would be fine.
What would you like
to know about my wife?
She was a beautiful
and loving woman.
And really didn't deserve.
What happened to her?
We had a foster child.
And something happened one
day and she was taken away.
I opened my bag and I took
the knife out and wrapped it
around his throat.
I said. open up to
Exodus 20:12. read it.
I'm that foster child mother--
He fell right on
top of his Bible.
I looked at him.
He bled to death.
I went to the kitchen and
I-- and I washed my knife.
I came back and I prayed.
I put my knife from my
bag and I went back.
That night. I slept like a baby.
The next morning. I went
back to the library.
I sat in front of the
computer and I took out
a piece of paper.
I crossed out the name of
my first foster parents.
And I put in the name of
my second foster parents.
Lucille and James Lander
from North New Jersey.
Couple of seals and
James Lander came up.
Montclair New Jersey. Nutley
New Jersey. Forrest Hill.
But only one in
North New Jersey.
I called them up.
She was a school teacher now.
She picked up the phone
in the second ring.
I say Hi. I'm Mary Grant
and I work for the city.
And I want to go over this
so you can do a survey
to make the city better.
She said. when can you come.
I said. tomorrow at 12:00 noon.
She said. I won't be
home. but my husband James
can fill it out for you.
I said. OK.
She gave me the address.
And the next day I
woke up in the morning
and I went over there.
Just a minute.
Yeah.
Hi. my name is Mary and
I'm here to do a survey
to make the city better.
Yeah. my wife's not here.
OK--
Hey!
Your wife said that you
will fill it out for me.
Oh Jesus.
Come on.
It's not going to
take all day. is it?
She always makes me
freaking do this.
Have a seat over.
What is this survey
about exactly?
Well. it's to make
the city better.
City is shit anyway.
I'm not giving my date of birth.
You don't need to know.
I'm not giving my social. are
you're freaking kidding me?
Are you kidding me?
It's just to make
the city better.
How long-- how
many pages is this?
It's a couple.
A couple thousand.
This is already filled out.
What are you one of
these 999 in ??
Sorry.
Hey. sweet cheeks. it's
already filled out.
There you go.
And this says please
do not retain.
Do they give you
commission or what?
You good?
You want coffee or something?
Thank you.
Coffee would be nice.
Oh. you know what they
do need to do over there.
And I noticed that
they didn't put it in.
and they probably didn't
put it in on purpose--
--You know how I know?
Because I started one day--
.
I don't know if that's
the right way you say it.
And the water was kind of funny
so I went and bought a burrito
but I was like why should
I be the one to have to--
I looked at him.
He choked on throw up.
I cleaned my knife out.
I put it in my bag and I left.
Linda. how did you
feel afterwards?
I was happy I made him suffer.
But then I didn't feel anything.
Boy. I'm hungry.
Dinner should be here soon.
Good.
All this talk has
made me hungry.
Here's your food. Linda.
Nurse.
Yes?
Can we take these off?
I'm hungry. I want to eat.
Linda. slow down.
I don't want you to choke.
Choke.
Fine.
Get some rest. I'll
see you tomorrow.
You try to lock me up?
What are you doing?
Stop. no.
Stop-- Stop.
Good morning. Linda.
What's so good about it?
Well. you woke up this morning.
I must be special.
Let's get started.
Miss Cleaver?
Please call me Tasha.
When we finish this session. can
I talk to you about something?
Sure. anything.
I woke up that
morning and I already
had a number to my
third foster family.
because we kept in contact.
This morning. however. I
went back to the school
where the boys went
to who rape me.
It was two years later.
So I disguised myself
the best way I could.
I waited.
I was in the side of the
school and school let out.
And I didn't see them.
So I waited.
I walked to the
back of the school.
and I heard a girl screaming.
so I started running.
I ran over there and two boys
were practically harassing her.
I looked at them.
and there they were.
One of them said to me. what
the fuck are you going to do.
I told the girl to run.
I went in my bag
and took out a gun.
I shot them.
The other one was
shaking his head no.
And I shot him three times.
Third guy was running
up and when he--
he saw me. he froze.
I pointed the gun to his face.
I walked up to him.
I said. take off your pants.
I shot them in the stomach.
Started taking off his pants.
Shot him in the knees.
Then I went in my bag.
and I took out a bottle.
and I stuck it inside of him.
He was screaming.
I let him scream a little.
then I shot him in the head.
Then I went to my third
foster family's house.
I was there for a little while.
Who is it?
Linda.
Can I go to the bathroom?
Of course. you know about that.
Would you like some tea?
So how are you doing. Linda?
Mama Harris. I took care of
everyone who ever hurt me.
Baby. what do you mean
you took care of them?
I killed them.
Who is it?
Police officers.
How can I help you?
Is Linda Blake there?
Why?
Linda allegedly
killed a few people.
And if you're
protecting her. you'll
be arrested for
harboring a fugitive.
Now open the door.
Linda Blake. stand.
You're under arrest.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say will
be held against you.
You have the right to
speak to an attorney.
If you can't afford one. one
will be appointed ..
You understand your rights?
You took matters
into your own hands.
I protected myself
better than you.
the law. or the foster
system could protect me.
Linda. what else did you
want to talk to me about?
I had a little girl.
At the age of 16. after my
third rape. I was left for dead.
so they took her away
from me - the system.
I wanted to see my baby.
Linda. how old are you now?
I don't know. you have my chart.
Linda. if you want my help.
you have to cooperate with me.
When they took my baby from
me. I felt empty inside.
I fought to live
because I believe
one day I will see her again.
I want to see my baby.
I want to see my little girl.
I'll try to help.
Anne. go check the
patient in room four.
OK.
Norman. check the file on
page number five. Mr Avery.
I want to know the last
time he took his medication.
OK.
I'll give that to.
Tasha. there's
something that what
we have to talk to you about.
It's really important.
I wasn't able to have children.
so we seeked adoption.
And the reason why Linda Blake
sounded so very familiar.
she's your biological mother.
What?
Wow.
What took you so
long to tell me?
I don't know why.
baby. I'm sorry.
I thought it was
all right. baby.
OK.
Good morning.
I have some good news for you.
From my daughter?
What I'm about to
tell you. I found out
less than 24 hours ago.
I'm your daughter.
Linda?
Tasha. how are you feeling?
I don't know.
It's a lot.
I'm really sorry I
didn't tell you sooner.
At least we told you.
Listen. Tasha. you
know I love you.
You're my daughter.
There's plenty of
room for both of us.
Hello. how are you doing today?
I've had better days.
It gets better.
How can I help you?
Can I have two chickens?
Two chickens. sure do.
The total is $7.48.
Thank you.
Enjoy your meal.
Quite a bitter day.
Feels like no one feel you.
You won't be alone tonight.
If you learn to free you.
Had your share of heartache.
Excuse me.
Are you OK?
I'll be OK.
Had your share of heartache.
--the one to blame.
But if you face the fear
you feel. love will find--
love--
Hey. Linda.
You ready?
We just gave her medication.
she should be fine.
And try to have
her back by 08:00.
that's the next time she
have to take her medication.
All right.
Later.
Thanks guys.
Lind. you ready?
Yes.
Let's go.
It's going to be a good day.
We made it!
I know.
It was a tough semester.
The hardest one. for sure.
But what are you
going to do from here?
Guys. let's get
something to eat.
I'm starving.
I'm mad hungry. I could a horse.
Can you really
eat a whole horse?
Yes.
Show it by going to class.
instead of getting food?
Guys. stop.
Come on.
I mean-- do a straight kick.
Give them-- just give
them a straight kick.
Give them a combination.
Hey. mom.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm good. thanks.
What is-- mama B?
Yeah. we wanted to surprise you.
You don't have your hat on.
I always wore a hat
cause I felt alone.
Love you.
I love you too too.
I have one for you.
since you gave me one.
Thank you.
I will take great care of it.
Ready to go. guys?
Hi. Molly.
Hi. how are you?
I'm good. how are you?
Hi. John.
Hello. miss Cleaver.
Thank you so much.
You can just throw her bag
in the trunk. if that's OK.
OK. yeah.
So. she's had her medication.
She will need another
dose on Thursday morning.
OK.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for having.
Take care. Linda.
Bye.
You ready to go home?
Yes.
Yeah.
I know your grandson
is excited you're here.
Yes.
I love you. Tristan.
Oh. good boy.
Hey.
Hey. we're here.
Hi. babe.
You remember my mom. right?
Hi. welcome.
It's good to see you.
It's good to see you again.
Yes.
Look what she made for us.
I got this for you
and my daughter.
Oh. thank you.
This is beautiful.
You're welcome.
Hey babe. you want
to it to the kitchen?
Yeah.
Tristan. show grandma
to her room. OK.
So?
So.
How you feeling?
I can't believe she's here.
I know.
10 years later.
10 years.
I've dreamed of
living with my mom.
But you deserve it. babe.
We deserve it.
You're right. we do.
Hey. did you grab anything
to eat on your way in?
Guess what I made.
What'd you make?
Pancakes.
My favorite!
I know.
You know. we're going
to have to watch over
this crazy kid of ours.
I know.
Where's he at?
Tristan.
I don't hear him.
It's OK. babe.
He's with his grandma.
I know. but I want to
see what they're up to.
All right.
Dear mommy. I was only a kid.
Even to this day. I
don't know what I did.
For you to not hug me no more.
For you to not love me no more.
So I went to the
arms of strangers.
Never thought for once you will
put me at home ..
So you left me alone.
What made you think I
can do this on my own?
It's this the results
that you needed?
I got the message. but I
was too young to read it.
I hate that book that was
written. if there's a God.
why wasn't I forgiven?
Mommy. why'd you
let them hurt me?
And why did you desert me?
Maybe it's a test I
had to live through.
but it's right to come home.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did I forgave.
You know I always loved
you from the side.
Just be strong.
Just the matters of the heart.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
When we've been apart.
lives has taught me.
that one thing remains.
Dear Daddy. it's all my
fault. It's the way I dress.
no. it's the way I walk. no.
The way I talk. I
was leading them on.
Maybe I deserved this
and Eden is wrong.
I'll do whatever if you
just come and get me.
Lord knows I prayed but my
angels just aren't with me.
--let this happen to me. so
why is this happening to me.
I wasn't old enough to send.
but I was told when I was 10.
if I'm lucky to
see you tomorrow.
I could take this sorrow
start all over again.
So they ain't deserve
it. but I guess I did.
Like. really ain't fair. so was
it fair that I left my family.
Was just shattered apart
into pieces spelled out.
It's all right.
It's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
You know I always loved you
from the start. just be strong.
Just the matters of the heart.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
Though we fell apart.
life has taught me.
that one thing remains.
Just the matters of the heart.
Sometimes it's
hard to
from the things of your past.
But I've learned to let go.
Cause that's what the
heart needs to learn.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
You know I always loved
you from the start.
Just be strong.
Just the matters of the heart.
It's all right. it's OK.
everything you did. I forgave.
Though we fell apart.
life has taught me
that one thing remains.
Just the matters of the heart.
Yeah. yeah.
Wait a minute now. I
shouldn't be afraid.
With this parachute of love.
I shouldn't be scared to fly.
The funny thing is. that
this hurricane in my tummy.
ain't that a sign.
Won't you fade them away.
---- moment
for the cloud that's filled
with symbols of grace.
Every drop of grey is on the
line with silver pieces love
you trade.
Every time I spill upon
yourself a shield of lining
start to break.
Through it all. when I fall and
when I fall. I fall like rain.
When I fall. I fall like rain.
If the day would come.
when you would be mine.
That's the day the cloud of grey
would turn into a cloud nine.
Nine lives of your love
would pour a vase of time
.
Every drop of grey is underlined
with silver pieces of a tray.
Every time I spill up on
yourself a shield of lining
starts to break.
Through it all. is
went I fall. and when
I fall. I fall like rain.
Your love trickles through--
your love trickles
through my veins.
Your loves trickles through--
your love trickles
through my veins.
Your love trickles through.
Every little moment
forms a cloud that's
filled with syllables of grace.
Every drop of grey is
underlined with silver pieces
of your tray.
Every time I spill upon
yourself. a shield of lining
turns to rain.
And when I fall.
I fall like rain.
When I fall. I fall like rain.
Mommy. i don't know what I did.
Hug me no more.
Love me no more.
Left me a alone.
Was all on my own.
Too young to read.
Oh.
I'm forgiven.
Hurt me.
Why did you desert me?
It's all right. It's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
You know I always loved
you from the start.
Just be strong.
Just the matters of the heart.
It's all right.
It's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
Though we fell apart. life has
taught me. one thing remains.
Just the matters of the heart.
Dear Daddy. it's
all my fault. No.
Are you with me?
I was told this.
So.
But I guess I didn't.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
You know I always loved
you. from the start.
Just be strong.
Just the matters of the heart.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
Though we fell apart.
life has taught me.
that one thing remains.
Just the matters of the heart.
Sometimes it's hard to will
from the things of your past.
But I've learned to let go.
Cause that's what the
heart needs to learn.
It's all right. It's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
You know I always loved
you from the start.
Just be strong.
Just the matters of the heart.
It's all right. it's OK.
Everything you did. I forgave.
Though we fell apart
life has taught me.
that one thing remains. just
the matters of the heart.